[IMP] accounting: improving snailmail documentation (#3682)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/accounting/receivables/customer_invoices/snailmail.rst

Send your invoices by post (Snailmail)
======================================

Direct mail is a great way to capture individuals’ attention when inboxes are always full. Odoo
allows you to send invoices and follow-up reports by post worldwide, directly from your database.

Snailmail configuration
=======================

Go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Settings --> Customer invoices section` to

> activate Snailmail.

Author: In this case, as I am referring to the feature in general, is the guilabel mandatory? I would think it is optional. I added it anyway :)

To make it a by-default feature, select :guilabel:`Send by Post` in the
:guilabel:`Default Sending Options` section.

.. image:: snailmail/setup_snailmail.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Under settings enable the snailmail feature in Odoo Accounting

Send your invoice by post
-------------------------

Open your invoice, click on :guilabel:`Send & Print` and select :guilabel:`Send by Post`. Make sure
your customer’s address is set correctly, including the country, before sending the letter.

.. important::
   Your document must respect the following rules to pass the validation before being sent:

   - Margins must be 5 millimeters on all sides. As Odoo forces the outer margins by filling them
     with white before sending the snailmail, it can results in the user's custom being cut off if

>      it protrudes into the margins. To check the margins, go to :menuselection:`General Settings
>      --> Technical --> Reporting section: Paper format`.

Reviewer: I couldn't find "technical" and the "reporting section"; here's the path I took to find the paper format in v14 
```suggestion
     it protrudes into the margins. To check the margins, go to :menuselection:`Settings --> General
     Settings`, scroll down to the :guilabel:`Business Documents` section, and open the external
     link.
```

Also, I couldn't find it in Odoo 15 and Odoo 16 --> do you know if there's a way to check the margins in these versions? If not, it should be removed for the two versions

Author: Actually, "Technical" is available in Debug mode, but I understood we avoid to advise users to activate it. I updated as per your suggestion. For V15 and V16, I will investigate to see what are the options.

   - A square of 15mm by 15mm on the bottom left corner has to stay clear.
   - The postage area has to stay clear (click :download:`here <snailmail/snailmail_template.pdf>`
     to get more info about the area).
   - Pingen (Odoo Snailmail service provider) scans the area to process the address, so if something
     gets written outside the area, it is not counted as part of the address.

Pricing
=======

Snailmail is an :doc:`../../../../general/in_app_purchase` service that requires prepaid stamps
(=credits) to work. Sending one document consumes one stamp.

> To buy stamps, go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Settings --> Snailmail` and

Reviewer: if you include the section earlier, it should be included here as well (section is: Customer invoices)

> click on :guilabel:`Buy credits`, or go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Odoo IAP` and click on

Reviewer: if you include the section earlier, it should be included here as well (section is: In-App Purchases)
